{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. HTML and CSS work together but are not exactly the same thing.  HTML is not a programming language.  It is text that marks up and sends instructions on how the web page is being built.  It is like a foundation to a house.  CSS works with HTML.  CSS is the additional features.  Fonts, font colors, page colors, animations, etc.  If we are still using the house example, then CSS would be like the amount of bedrooms in a house.\
\
2. Inline Style: The style element directly applies CSS styles to HTML\
    Internal: In the head, CSS is written between <style> tags.\
    External: CSS is going to be written in a separate file and is connected to the HTML file using <link>\
\
3. A selector and a declaration block\
\
4. RGBA takes transparency into account. \
\
5. RGB only uses 3 values.  Hex values use 6 values.\
\
6. A developer might want a variation of a specific color.  Using HSL will make it easier to get close to that exact color.\
\
7. Color, font-family, font-size\
\
8. If you want a headline to make up a certain percentage of a viewport then you can use vh or vw.\
\
9. Rem is always consistent relative to the root. Em is relative to the font size of its closest parent.\
\
10. The browser will try to use the fonts in the order that they are listed.}